below is a collection of inspirations and motivations for the hive, mostly written by other people. sip it like tea and enjoy. :) - [dinosaur](http://dinosaur.io)
 
"MORPHEUS: Let me tell you why you are here. You're here because you know something. What you know you can't explain, but you feel it. You've felt it your entire life. There's something wrong with the world. You don't know what it is, but it's there, like a splinter in your mind, driving you mad. It is this feeling that brought you to me. Do you know what I'm talking about?

NEO: The Matrix?

MORPHEUS: Do you want to know what it is?

Neo nods.

MORPHEUS: The Matrix is everywhere. It is all around us, even now in this very room. You can see it when you look out your window, or when you turn on your television. You can feel it when you go to work, when you go to church, when you pay your taxes. It is the world that has been pulled over your eyes to blind you from the truth.

NEO: What truth?

MORPHEUS: That you are a slave, Neo. Like everyone else, you were born into bondage, born into a prison that you cannot smell or taste or touch. A prison for your mind. 

In my opinion, The Matrix films provide the best metaphor our society has for understanding why organized evil and oppression are allowed to exist, and so I will use it for this purpose... The Matrix is not the physical world... The Matrix is the social structure that subordinates Humanity to its will. It is the machinery of society that exists solely to perpetuate itself, its influence, and its power independent of any human need. It insulates us from each other and ourselves through deception, and essentially transforms us into servile engines of economic and political output (power). The machines that live off this power are institutions: large corporations, governments, schools, religious institutions, and even non-profit orgs. Every institution will reach a point in its existence where its primary function becomes self-preservation and perpetuation, instead of serving human need. At this point it becomes a machine of the Matrix. For example, when they become machines, governments cease to serve people and instead seek to extend their power over them; corporations prioritize increasing shareholder value over producing quality products or otherwise serving the public good; schools view students as a means and not an end; religions equate membership with salvation (and actively oppose other teachings and even independent practice); and non-profits and charities spend more budget on fund raising activity than on their original focus. Inevitably all large institutions eventually become machines. They become too big for Humanity." - [source](http://billstclair.com/matrix/ar01s02.html)

<hr />

"It is so important and under-appreciated that when you wake up each morning, you should be able to create your day however you like.  Waking up to an alarm clock five days a week to work for somebody else is absolutely the most soul-constricting way to sell your life short.  If schools teach us anything it should be how to develop our personal passions into sustainable careers.  In a free, loving world schools would teach students to be self-reliant independent entrepreneurs, but as George Carlin said, '[the owners of this country don't want that, they want obedient workers.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=acLW1vFO-2Q&feature=player_embedded)'

And so we're forced into public indoctrination centers from Kindergarten to Post-Doctorate all for a shiny piece of paper to give to our masters certifying that we'll be a good wage-slave.  Of course, masters don't need diplomas because they don't go begging someone else for a paycheck.  Masters create their own businesses, manufacture their own product, deliver their own service, and the success or failure of their job depends wholly upon them.  Wage-slaves, on the other hand, instead of taking responsibility for creating their own wealth, find an already well-established master and hope to impress master with their certificates, résumés, bells and whistles.  The problem with this is that you will always be selling your time wholesale to someone who is profiting from you retail.  No boss ever pays their employee the amount of money which that employee brings to the company, as that would cause the business to bankrupt.  The only way to run a successful business is to pay employees less than they're worth, usually far less.  So if you're working hard pursuing someone else's passion, slaving Monday-Friday 9-5 for someone who's buying your time wholesale, really think about what your passion is, save up some of that slave-money, then make a break and follow the entrepreneurial underground railroad to financial freedom and responsibility." - [source](http://www.atlanteanconspiracy.com/2012/09/wage-slaves-escape-matrix-masters.html)

<hr />

"If you want to create wealth, it will help to understand what it is. Wealth is not the same thing as money. Wealth is as old as human history. Far older, in fact; ants have wealth. Money is a comparatively recent invention.

Wealth is the fundamental thing. Wealth is stuff we want: food, clothes, houses, cars, gadgets, travel to interesting places, and so on. You can have wealth without having money. If you had a magic machine that could on command make you a car or cook you dinner or do your laundry, or do anything else you wanted, you wouldn't need money. Whereas if you were in the middle of Antarctica, where there is nothing to buy, it wouldn't matter how much money you had.

Wealth is what you want, not money. But if wealth is the important thing, why does everyone talk about making money? It is a kind of shorthand: money is a way of moving wealth, and in practice they are usually interchangeable. But they are not the same thing, and unless you plan to get rich by counterfeiting, talking about making money can make it harder to understand how to make money.

Money is a side effect of specialization. In a specialized society, most of the things you need, you can't make for yourself. If you want a potato or a pencil or a place to live, you have to get it from someone else.

How do you get the person who grows the potatoes to give you some? By giving him something he wants in return. But you can't get very far by trading things directly with the people who need them. If you make violins, and none of the local farmers wants one, how will you eat?

The solution societies find, as they get more specialized, is to make the trade into a two-step process. Instead of trading violins directly for potatoes, you trade violins for, say, silver, which you can then trade again for anything else you need. The intermediate stuff-- the medium of exchange-- can be anything that's rare and portable. Historically metals have been the most common, but recently we've been using a medium of exchange, called the dollar, that doesn't physically exist. It works as a medium of exchange, however, because its rarity is guaranteed by the U.S. Government.

The advantage of a medium of exchange is that it makes trade work. The disadvantage is that it tends to obscure what trade really means. People think that what a business does is make money. But money is just the intermediate stage-- just a shorthand-- for whatever people want. What most businesses really do is make wealth. They do something people want...

The people most likely to grasp that wealth can be created are the ones who are good at making things, the craftsmen. Their hand-made objects become store-bought ones. But with the rise of industrialization there are fewer and fewer craftsmen. One of the biggest remaining groups is computer programmers.

A programmer can sit down in front of a computer and create wealth. A good piece of software is, in itself, a valuable thing. There is no manufacturing to confuse the issue. Those characters you type are a complete, finished product. If someone sat down and wrote a web browser that didn't suck (a fine idea, by the way), the world would be that much richer." - [source](http://www.paulgraham.com/wealth.html)

<hr />

(Wealth Without Money)[http://reprap.org/wiki/Wealth_Without_Money]

<hr />

The Cathedral and the Bazaar

The Magic Cauldron

<hr /> 

join us in becoming [free](http://punkcast.com/64/).
